Internet:
Capitalism has ported the model of inequality to the internet. The accumulation of capital is the accumulation of user data
which has to  centralized. Capitalism prevents the internet to reach its original purpose: to be distributed
by simply interconnecting sub networks and resources. Internet makes distribution easy by design. It makes it easy to share data that 
are distributed. 
It is therefore no surprises to find out that the prevalent business model on the internet is to centralized exchanges.
Let us take the exemple of Facebook. The original idea is to interconnect people and makes them share data easily.
The idea start with lines of code and rapidly we need funds to by infrastructure 
so that we can welcome more people. At this point the system does not have to be centralized.
The issue starts when people who are going to invest in the idea wants a sound business model so that 
they see growth and constant return on their periodic investments.
At this point one of the obvious way to make profit is to capitalize on privatizing user data. In order to
privatize user data all the user exchanges have to be controlled and go through a few central
point of collection. We see that real network distribution would be impossible to sustain this model.
Capitalism tends to bring monopole and accumulation of capital to the internet as it does to the non internet world.



Market:
Spoof movies are a product of a society that consumes a lot of movies. A spoof movie is a comedy made of a mashup of other movies. Watching a spoof movie scene the audience laugh twice as much if they identified from which movie the scene is coming from. As a product the spoof movie is therefore more efficient if the audience has seen all the movies that the spoof is referring to.
 
A generic product - such as a spoof movie - is not on the market if a preliminary study has not shown that the product has a potential return on investment. 

Seing the success and relative quantity of spoof movies those conducted market studies must show that the audience is receptive to movies made up of a mashup of other movies. In other terms a majority of the audience has clearly seen most movies referenced in spoof movies.

Software: 
Wherever we need to reach a decision on something that has a global impact we take this decision with more than one person: such is the assembly, the senat, the jury for the verdict on a trial. Pair programming serves the same purpose.


Technology:
The car is an advanced piece of technology. It is worth noticing though that you cannot get stuck in traffic when you are on foot.

Others: 
- overpopulation
- trying to overcome the human condition: getting rid of suffering, boredom, ...
